feat: support docs - import (#18407)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/support/imports/zendesk.mdx

---
title: Import from Zendesk
sidebar: Docs
showTitle: true
---

> Zendesk import is in **beta**. Shared prerequisites and import behavior are covered in [Import historical tickets](/docs/support/imports).

> One-time import of Zendesk Support history — conversation threads, tags, attachments, and original timestamps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can migrate your existing Zendesk Support history to PostHog. By migrating, you can access your original ZenDesk conversation threads, tags, attachments, and timestamps.
```

- **Agent email** – the email address tied to the API token
- **API token** – with ticket read access

## How to run an import

1. Go to **Project settings → Support → Imports**
2. Select **Zendesk**
3. Enter your subdomain, agent email, and API token
4. Optionally select a [default inbox](/docs/support/imports#prerequisites)
5. Click **Start import**

The API token and agent email are encrypted and never shown again after submission. To start a new import you must re-enter them. The subdomain is shown so you know which Zendesk account was used.

## What gets imported

For each Zendesk ticket:

- **Metadata** – subject, status, and priority (see mapping tables below)
- **Tags** – Zendesk tags appear as Support tags. Names are normalized and truncated to 255 characters; empty tags are dropped. Re-import does not update tags on already-imported tickets
- **Full message thread** – public replies and internal notes
- **Attachments** – images embedded in the thread; other files linked. Files over 20 MiB are skipped.
- **Customer identity** – requester name and email
- **Original timestamps** – ticket and message `created_at` / `updated_at`

> - **Zendesk ticket ID** – stored on the ticket and shown in the sidebar

Reviewer: This is quite large. A markdown table will be easier to read:

```suggestion
| Item                | Details |
| ------------------- | ------- |
| Metadata            | subject, status, and priority (see mapping tables below) |
| Tags                | Zendesk tags appear as Support tags. Names are normalized and truncated to 255 characters; empty tags are dropped. Re-import does not update tags on already-imported tickets |
| Full message thread | public replies and internal notes |
| Attachments         | images embedded in the thread; other files linked. Files over 20 MiB are skipped. |
| Customer identity   | requester name and email |
| Original timestamps | ticket and message `created_at` / `updated_at` |
| Zendesk ticket ID   | stored on the ticket and shown in the sidebar |
```
